miscellaneous updates (#32)
nptscot/rnetmatch: paper.qmd

format: html
filters:
  - pseudocode

> bibliography: refs.bib

Reviewer: :+1:

## Problem Statement 

**Overarching Idea**: 

> - use the approximate network matching to create a list of _very strong_ candidate matches with a known shared overlap amount. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use the approximate network matching to create a list of _strong_ candidate matches with a known shared overlap amount.

> - The result of the approximate network match can be taken and utilized for vertical conflation using many different approaches 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The result of the approximate network match can be taken and utilized for 'vertical conflation' using many different approaches 
```

We should define our terms.
